Update Learn a11y article to remove outdated content (#38950)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/core/structuring_content/html_table_basics/index.md

> ### When should you NOT use HTML tables?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### When should you avoid HTML tables?
```

> HTML tables should be used for tabular data — this is what they are designed for. Unfortunately, a lot of people used to use HTML tables to lay out web pages, e.g., one row to contain the header, one row to contain the content columns, one row to contain the footer, etc. This was commonly used because CSS support across browsers used to be terrible; table layouts are much less common nowadays, but you might still see them in some corners of the web.

Reviewer: Some small suggestions if you like them:

```suggestion
HTML tables should be used for tabular data (information that's easy to work with in rows and columns) — this is what they are designed for. Unfortunately, a lot of people used to use HTML tables to lay out web pages, e.g., one row to contain a page header, one row to contain the content columns, one row to contain the footer, etc. This was commonly used because CSS support across browsers used to be a lot more difficult to work with; table-based layouts are extremely rare nowadays, but you might still see them in some corners of the web.
```

Author: Updated, but tweaked a bit.
